Clustering is a method that makes analysis on attributes of the dataset.
A more suitable dataset for clustering is classification dataset.

           K-means clustering methods:-
K-means is an iterative clustering algorithm where the dataset is 
classified on the basis of pre-determined cluster value.

In K-means, the choosen cluster value depends on obtaining minimum variance
between centroids and datapoints with in the cluster i.e, less variance 
refers a more homoginoius cluster but every datapoints belongs a cluster 
even though variance is high.

An appropriate metrices for K-means are elbow and silhouette score.
       
        The elbow metohd for determining cluster for K-means:-
        
Calculate the Within-Cluster-Sum of Squared Errors (WSS) for different 
values of K.

Choose the K where WSS starts to decline first which is visible as 
an elbow in the plot of WSS-versus-K.

       The Silhouette score for determining cluster for K-means:-

The silhouette value measures how similar a point is to its own cluster 
compared to other clusters. 

Silhouette score(s) = 𝑏−𝑎/max(𝑎,𝑏), where
a = average distance between a data point and all others data points 
    in the same cluster
b = average distance between a data point and all other data points 
    in the next nearest cluster

Silhouette score value is between -1 and 1

-1 means incorrect clustering

0 means overlapping clusters

1 means dense clustering (Clusters far apart are good)

A silhouette score with high value is prefered to other values where
the optimal(best) kluster corresponds to

          DBSCAN clustering method:-
         
Is a clustering algorithm that considers two hyperparameters namely:
        1. epsilon(eps)
        2. min_sample 
The value of epsilon determines the number of clusters in such a way that 
if distance between many datapoints exceed the value of the epsilon, there 
is a chance of many cluster formation and parallely there could be more 
noices(datapoints found far from thier density families).
N.B Low epsilon value is recommended, while default value is 0.5

Min_sample means the suitable number of samples used for cluster formation.
N.B If the original dataset has many noices it is recommended to increase 
the value of min_sample.

An appropriate metrices for DBSCAN are silhouette score and Davies-Bouldin
score.

Davies-Bouldin score= Sum(Rij) for i!=j   where:

   Rij = (Si + Sj)/dij   is within-to-between cluster distance ratio” för 
                         i och j kluster
   Si=average distance between datapoints and the centroid within cluster i.
   Sj=average distance between datapoints and the centroid Within cluster j.
   dij=Euclidean distance between centroids of the two clusters.

N.B Davies-Bouldin score with low value is prefered for optimal cluster.









 